Column Name
	Description
	Fund Code
	Code assigned to the fund for identification purposes.
	Receivership
	Information about the receivership of the failed bank.
	Year
	The year in which the receivership occurred.
	Quarter
	The quarter in which the receivership occurred.
	Failure Date
	The specific date on which the bank failed.
	Cash and Investments
	Amount of cash and investments held by the failed bank.
	Due from FDIC Corp and Receivables
	Amount due from the FDIC corporation and other receivables.
	Assets in Liquidation
	Value of assets that are being liquidated.
	Estimated Loss on Assets in Liquidation(1)
	Approximate loss expected on the assets being liquidated.
	Total Assets
	The total value of all assets held by the failed bank.
	Administrative Liabilities
	Liabilities incurred by the receivership for administrative purposes.
	FDIC Subrogated Deposit Claim
	Claims filed by the FDIC on behalf of insured depositors.
	Uninsured Deposit Claims
	Claims filed by depositors that exceed the insured limit.
	Other Claimant Liabilities
	Liabilities arising from claims filed by parties other than depositors.
	Unproven Claims
	Claims that have been filed but are not yet proven or accepted.
	Total Liabilities(2)
	The total amount of all liabilities incurred by the receivership.
	Net Worth (Deficit)
	The difference between total assets and total liabilities.
	Total Liabilities and Net Worth
	The sum of total liabilities and net worth.
	FDIC Subrogated Claim
	The amount claimed by the FDIC on behalf of insured depositors.
	FDIC Subrogated Claim %
	The percentage of the FDIC subrogated claim in relation to total liabilities.
	Uninsured Depositors
	The total amount claimed by uninsured depositors.
	Uninsured Depositors %
	The percentage of uninsured depositor claims in relation to total liabilities.
	Subtotal - Proven Deposit Claims
	The total value of proven deposit claims.
	Subtotal - Proven Deposit Claims %
	The percentage of proven deposit claims in relation to total liabilities.
	Dividends Paid to Date
	The total amount of dividends paid to date to depositors.
	Dividends Paid to Date %
	The percentage of dividends paid to date in relation to total liabilities.
	Total Unpaid Deposit Claims
	The total amount of deposit claims that remain unpaid.
	Total Unpaid Deposit Claims %
	The percentage of total unpaid deposit claims in relation to total liabilities.
	General Creditor
	The total amount claimed by general creditors.
	General Creditor %
	The percentage of general creditor claims in relation to total liabilities.
	Senior Debt Holders
	The total amount claimed by senior debt holders.
	Senior Debt Holders %
	The percentage of senior debt holder claims in relation to total liabilities.
	Subordinated Debt Holders
	The total amount claimed by subordinated debt holders.
	Subordinated Debt Holders %
	The percentage of subordinated debt holder claims in relation to total liabilities.
	Subtotal - Other Claimants
	The total value of claims filed by other claimants.
	Subtotal - Other Claimants %
	The percentage of claims filed by other claimants in relation to total liabilities.
	Dividends Paid to Date - Other Claimants
	The total amount of dividends paid to date to other claimants.
	Dividends Paid to Date - Other Claimants %
	The percentage of dividends paid to date to other claimants in relation to total liabilities.
	Total Unpaid Other Claimants
	The total amount of claims by other claimants that remain unpaid.
	Total Unpaid Other Claimants %
	The percentage of total unpaid claims by other claimants in relation to total liabilities